MCMASTER UNIVERSITY OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENCE


This software licence is a legally binding agreement between McMaster University
("MCMASTER"), with principal place of business at 1280 Main St. W., Hamilton,
Ontario L8S 4L8 and the end user ("You") in relation to MAC_MPEG2_AV ("Software").

USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ANY DISTRIBUTION OF AND MODIFICATIONS TO THE SOFTWARE
INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS,
DO NOT INSTALL, USE, MODIFY OR DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE.

TERMS OF USE 1. MCMASTER grants You a royalty-free licence to use, copy and
distribute royalty-free verbatim copies of the Software in executable code and
source code provided that: a) Each copy carries with it a copy of this Licence
and the warranty disclaimer in paragraph nine ("Disclaimer"), as well as the
following copyright notice: Copyright (c) 2007, McMaster University, Adam B.
Kinsman, Nicola Nicolici; b) Each copy, when distributed in executable code,
must contain an offer by You to provide the source code.

2. You may modify copies of the Software and create derivative works based on
the Software and distribute these modifications and derivative works provided
that such distribution is royalty-free and that each copy: a) Carries a
prominent notice stating that the work has been modified; b) Carries with it a
copy of this Licence, Disclaimer and the following copyright notice: "This
derivative work/publication includes MAC_MPEG2_AV. Copyright (c) 2007, McMaster
University, Adam B. Kinsman, Nicola Nicolici"; and c) Contains an offer by You
to provide the source code.

3. You must not impose further restrictions on any recipient of any verbatim
copies, modifications or derivative works of the Software.

4. You must not re-distribution the Software for commercial purposes without
express written authorization from MCMASTER. Contact McMaster University -
McMaster Industry Liaison Office (Tel: 905-525-9140 ext
28646; Fax: 905-546-1372; email: milodsk@mcmaster.ca) for such approval which may
be conditioned on the payment of royalties or such other terms as MCMASTER may,
in its sole discretion, decide.

5. If You use or reference the Software in any publication (including scientific
publications, electronic documents and websites) or derivative work, You must
give appropriate reference to the Software and MCMASTER.

OWNERSHIP 6. MCMASTER retains all right, title and interest in the Software,
including, but not limited to, all trademarks, copyright, and patents and other
intellectual property.  All trademarks, trade names, logos, customarily used
symbols and other designations as used or adopted by MCMASTER, including without
limitation the designation of the Software, will at all times be and remain the
property of MCMASTER and cannot be used in conjunction with the distribution by
You of the Software.

THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 7. THE SOFTWARE MAY BE DEPENDENT ON PROGRAMS, OPERATING
SYSTEMS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF THIRD PARTIES WHICH MAY REQUIRE THIRD
PARTY LICENCES. COMPLIANCE TO TERMS AND PAYMENT OF FEES ASSOCIATED WITH THESE
THIRD PARTY LICENCES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF YOU AND ARE NOT INCLUDED IN
THIS LICENCE. In particular, MCMASTER does not represent or warrant that the
Software is free of infringement of any third-party patents. Commercial
implementations of MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 audio/video, including shareware, are
subject to royalty fees to patent holders. McMASTER advises You that these
patents are general in scope and may affect your implementations regardless of
your implementation design.

TERM AND TERMINATION 8. This Licence commences on the date the Software is
electronically or physically delivered to You. This Licence will terminate
immediately without notice if You fail to comply with any of the terms and
conditions of this Licence.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER 9. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS AND
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, OR IMPLIED. ALL WARRANTIES AND
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, ARE DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED. MCMASTER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE
UNINTERRUPTED, OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
CORRECTED.  YOU ASSUME ALL RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SELECTION,
INSTALLATION, USE, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER 10. IN NO EVENT WILL MCMASTER OR ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIVES
BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH EITHER THE SOFTWARE,
ITS DISTRIBUTION, USE OR PERFORMANCE, OR THIS LICENCE, AND WITHOUT REGARD TO
WHETHER ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY OR TORT, OR ARISES
UNDER STATUTE, COMMON LAW, OR OTHERWISE, OR WHETHER INJURY WAS SUSTAINED BY
PERSONS, PROPERTY, OR OTHERWISE, OR WHETHER LOSS WAS SUSTAINED FROM THE LOSS OF
USE, DATA, INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PROFITS. MCMASTER SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OF WHATSOEVER KIND AND NATURE CAUSED
BY THE INABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE EFFICIENTLY OR EFFECTIVELY. BY
AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY MCMASTER FOR ANY AND
ALL THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.

JURISDICTION 11. This Licence will be construed in accordance with the laws of
the Province of Ontario, Canada and the courts of Ontario will have jurisdiction
over all claims, disputes and actions related to this Licence.

REPORTING ERRORS [optional] 12. MCMASTER does not warrant that Software will
meet Your requirements or that its use will be uninterrupted or error free.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, You acknowledge that if problems are encountered
with the Software, You may notify the Authors at MCMASTER [Nicola Nicolici
<nicola@ece.mcmaster.ca>]. MCMASTER makes no warranty that reported errors will
be fixed.  If You transmit source code improvements or modifications to
MCMASTER, You agree to provide to MCMASTER a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence
to use, copy and modify such improvements or modifications.

ENTIRE AGEEMENT 13. This Licence is the complete and exclusive agreement between
both parties in relation to the Software and supersedes any proposal or prior
agreement, oral or written, and any other communication between the parties
relating to the subject matter of this Licence.


